---
layout: post
title: "Round 3"
date: 2022-07-27
tags: hodgkin
---

# Round 3 of 'classical heavy chemo'
_I've some energy left, so here is a quick blog post before bed._

Yesterday I received my third dosage of the ABVD chemotherapy scheme, after a week of giving my bone marrow some rest. This was a required a bit earlier than expected, but well... One of my doctors referred to ABVD as _classical heavy chemo_, which might explain that. TBH classical heavy chemo is definitely not as bad as I imgagined. So far this whole charade (sometimes it feels like that) has been very doable with support from my parents, family, and good friends. To summarize:

```
Progress in beating cancer (current estimate):
|##########------------------------------|25%
```

I have to undergo a grand total of 4 dosages before a PET scan in August where we will learn whether classical heavy chemo is effective. There's only 1 confirmed and 3 probably malignant lymph nodes in my chest left, so the doctor says there's a good chance that the scan might even be clean or that there is little activity left in these 4 assholes. I really hope this is the case, because it is a solid step towards recovery and because it means we get to use lighter drugs for the 4 remaining months of classical heavy chemo. _yay!_

The amazing thing about being relatively young and dealing with chemotherapy is that you don't notice the side effects as much as they tell you to expect. I really feel that my body is resilient to the effects. Initial tiredness and nausea aside, and the slowly going bald part isn't great. But from what I've read online us youngsters seem to get through it all pretty well. My own experience so far confirms this, fingers crossed it stays that way! 

I'm definitely able to enjoy summer for a bit. I just spent the most amazing weekend in a town called (Sneek)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sneek] last week. Especially the warm and sunny sunday on a boat with friends of the family - to be away from it all was a great mental pick-me-up. It's nice being out on the water looking at other (sailing) boats and nature. Even more so with un-dutch-near-mediterranean temperatures. 

_I might add some photos below once I get 'post security' working (still working on the 'how to build this blog' entry). But good night for now :)_
