---
layout: post
title: "First!"
date: 2022-07-14
tags: misc hodgkin
---

## It is about time to write a first blog post.

The idea of this first post is to flesh out what I want to do in this blog (pretty meta, you should see the 'how to build a blog' post that's in the pipeline). Thing is, I've been thinking about what exactly to put in this blog for a while... usually when I need to write away my frustrations I sit down at my laptop and write in text files for myself. They contain what I would call "emotional life stuff", and I keep them in a very secret folder. Usually I'm not very sober when writing these little snippets. Rest assured, this high-brow literature will never see the light of the world wide web. Hopefully by writing a blog this process becomes more structured, almost _useful_ for future me and others. 

_I've got big plans._

The idea is that this blog is a place to gather results of all the distractions I undertake while dealing with something quite awful: Hodgkin's disease (more on that in another post). There'll be your usual updates on how I'm doing for friends and family, the thoughts I have and things I struggle (or don't struggle) with. These will be posts like this one where I write mostly for myself. I also have quite some time on my hands the rest of 2022 and it would be great if I can keep busy - with something to show for it in the form of a blog post. Programming projects, making music, maybe finally reading a book and so on. Posts will be labeled with tags, and some of them might be private (i.e. password protected). Aside from disease updates and my rambling there could be sections on music, computers, maybe biology and/or machine learning, books, gaming - let's see how this develops, eh?

_As it turns out, 'big plans' can be summarized in one paragraph_

It's also my attempt at getting familiar with the feeling of writing for online publication. The great thing about a blog is that you can say it's a place "for me, by me", but that feels like cheaping out. The whole point here is to move away from writing just for yourself. If **you** want to, please share your genuine thoughts :). I don't think of myself as a good writer, my thoughts often change directions while trying to put something ~~to paper~~ in text. But I like to think I'm okay at receiving criticism, so bring it on!

_Phew. Quite the threshold taken today. This site is now online, and here's your first post - I hope it's... A start :)_
